# List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with twoto five sentences. 
## 1. Variable Decleration - During he discussion I learned more about how to properly declare variables in Javascript and all the proper keywords such as var, let and const. I also learned how incorporate and embedding JavaSccript within html documents. 
## 2. Control Statements - This being similar to what we learned from CS2 from C++, I was able to adapt to this topic easily. Learning different special statements such as if,  else and switch statements to execute actions for different conditional statements. 
## Arithmetic Operators - This being another topic discussed in CS2, I was able to incorporate what I learned during these past experience into my CS3 experience. Arithemtic Operators involve inputting a code relating to that of arithmetic operations such as addition, subtracting, multiplication and dividing 
## 3. Loop Control Structues  - This being another topic I learned in Cs2. involves the repeatition of different statemens through while, do while, etc. IT involves a control flow that executes a statement or series of statements. I was able to apply this during my summative assesments effectively as well, which proves that I have the capability !!
## 4. Declaring Functions - This was a topic learned during CS2. It involves the declaration of different functions such as when an event is occured, invoked or called, allowing blocks of code to be reused. Some examples of functions are Narrative Functions, that display and get information and Custom Functions which are made by th eprogrammers. 
## 5. Commonly used JavaScript items - Although the different Javascript topics were a breath of fresh air from the C++ used items, I was able to adapt to this due to the many resources provided to us through the KHUB. Examples of this would be parseInt() which accepts a string and returns an integer. 

# List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed.  
## I honestly feel like would need further practice on all topics in CS3. THis is as I need to master most as I have a problem with keeping information in my head, especially since most of them were already discussed in CS2 in the past. OVerall, I know I can improve my understanding on all the lessons with the help of practice and asking for assistance whenever I feel confused about a certain topic I would ask Ma'am ALine for assistance or revise using the Khub learning guides. 

# Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items.
## I first plan to do more practices on the given topics, these practices canbe taken off the internet. I also plan to review more on the LGs given on the khub, doing this will help me gain a deeper understanding on the objective side of CS3. If I'm still feeling confused I would consult Ma'am on this and ask her how can I improve or how I can properly process the topic easier. I also plan on prioritizing practicing CS during y freetime, so I have ahead start on the incoming topics

# In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?
## I believe that all activities and assesements done in class were all equally effective to the improvement and development of these topics throughout the quarter. This is as we were able to apply to the summative assesments effectively, such as the practice coding fo rbonus and the graded exercises abnd quizzes